README.md, before:

Gnosis Safe Contracts
=====================

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40gnosis.pm%2Fsafe-contracts.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40gnosis.pm%2Fsafe-contracts)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/workflows/safe-contracts/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gnosis/safe-contracts/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://coveralls.io/github/gnosis/safe-contracts)

> :warning: **This branch contains changes that are under development** To use the latest audited version make sure to use the correct commit. The tagged versions that are used by the Gnosis Safe team can be found in the [releases](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/releases).

Usage
-----
### Install requirements with yarn:

```bash
yarn
```

### Run all tests:

```bash
yarn build
yarn test
```

### Deployments

A collection of the different Safe contract deployments and their addresses can be found in the [Safe deployments](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-deployments) repository.

To add support for a new network follow the steps of the ``Deploy`` section and create a PR in the [Safe deployments](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-deployments) repository. 

### Deploy

> :warning: **Make sure to use the correct commit when deploying the contracts.** Any change (even comments) within the contract files will result in different addresses. The tagged versions that are used by the Gnosis Safe team can be found in the [releases](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/releases).

This will deploy the contracts deterministically and verify the contracts on etherscan using [Solidity 0.7.6](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.7.6) by default.

Preparation:
- Set `MNEMONIC` in `.env`
- Set `INFURA_KEY` in `.env`

```bash
yarn deploy-all <network>
```

This will perform the following steps

```bash
yarn build
yarn hardhat --network <network> deploy
yarn hardhat --network <network> sourcify
yarn hardhat --network <network> etherscan-verify
yarn hardhat --network <network> local-verify
```

#### Custom Networks

It is possible to use the `NODE_URL` env var to connect to any EVM based network via an RPC endpoint. This connection then can be used with the `custom` network.

E.g. to deploy the Safe contract suite on that network you would run `yarn deploy-all custom`. 

The resulting addresses should be on all networks the same.

Note: Address will vary if contract code is changed or a different Solidity version is used.

### Verify contract

This command will use the deployment artifacts to compile the contracts and compare them to the onchain code
```bash
yarn hardhat --network <network> local-verify
```

This command will upload the contract source to Etherescan
```bash
yarn hardhat --network <network> etherscan-verify
```

Documentation
-------------
- [Safe developer portal](http://docs.gnosis.io/safe)
- [Error codes](docs/error_codes.md)
- [Coding guidelines](docs/guidelines.md)

Audits/ Formal Verification
---------
- [for Version 1.3.0 by G0 Group](docs/audit_1_3_0.md)
- [for Version 1.2.0 by G0 Group](docs/audit_1_2_0.md)
- [for Version 1.1.1 by G0 Group](docs/audit_1_1_1.md)
- [for Version 1.0.0 by Runtime Verification](docs/rv_1_0_0.md)
- [for Version 0.0.1 by Alexey Akhunov](docs/alexey_audit.md)

Security and Liability
----------------------
All contracts are WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

License
-------
All smart contracts are released under LGPL-3.0

Commit message:

Added latest version notes to the readme (#362)
* Added latest version notes to the readme

* Addd the note on the latest release in the Deploy section

* Corrected test for current version

README.md, after:

Gnosis Safe Contracts
=====================

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40gnosis.pm%2Fsafe-contracts.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40gnosis.pm%2Fsafe-contracts)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/workflows/safe-contracts/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gnosis/safe-contracts/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://coveralls.io/github/gnosis/safe-contracts)

> :warning: **This branch contains changes that are under development** To use the latest audited version make sure to use the correct commit. The tagged versions that are used by the Gnosis Safe team can be found in the [releases](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/releases).

Usage
-----
### Install requirements with yarn:

```bash
yarn
```

### Run all tests:

```bash
yarn build
yarn test
```

### Deployments

A collection of the different Safe contract deployments and their addresses can be found in the [Safe deployments](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-deployments) repository.

To add support for a new network follow the steps of the ``Deploy`` section and create a PR in the [Safe deployments](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-deployments) repository. 

### Deploy

> :warning: **Make sure to use the correct commit when deploying the contracts.** Any change (even comments) within the contract files will result in different addresses. The tagged versions that are used by the Gnosis Safe team can be found in the [releases](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/releases).

> **Current version:** The latest release is [v1.3.0-libs.0](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/tree/v1.3.0-libs.0) on the commit [767ef36](https://github.com/gnosis/safe-contracts/commit/767ef36bba88bdbc0c9fe3708a4290cabef4c376)

This will deploy the contracts deterministically and verify the contracts on etherscan using [Solidity 0.7.6](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.7.6) by default.

Preparation:
- Set `MNEMONIC` in `.env`
- Set `INFURA_KEY` in `.env`

```bash
yarn deploy-all <network>
```

This will perform the following steps

```bash
yarn build
yarn hardhat --network <network> deploy
yarn hardhat --network <network> sourcify
yarn hardhat --network <network> etherscan-verify
yarn hardhat --network <network> local-verify
```

#### Custom Networks

It is possible to use the `NODE_URL` env var to connect to any EVM based network via an RPC endpoint. This connection then can be used with the `custom` network.

E.g. to deploy the Safe contract suite on that network you would run `yarn deploy-all custom`. 

The resulting addresses should be on all networks the same.

Note: Address will vary if contract code is changed or a different Solidity version is used.

### Verify contract

This command will use the deployment artifacts to compile the contracts and compare them to the onchain code
```bash
yarn hardhat --network <network> local-verify
```

This command will upload the contract source to Etherescan
```bash
yarn hardhat --network <network> etherscan-verify
```

Documentation
-------------
- [Safe developer portal](http://docs.gnosis.io/safe)
- [Error codes](docs/error_codes.md)
- [Coding guidelines](docs/guidelines.md)

Audits/ Formal Verification
---------
- [for Version 1.3.0 by G0 Group](docs/audit_1_3_0.md)
- [for Version 1.2.0 by G0 Group](docs/audit_1_2_0.md)
- [for Version 1.1.1 by G0 Group](docs/audit_1_1_1.md)
- [for Version 1.0.0 by Runtime Verification](docs/rv_1_0_0.md)
- [for Version 0.0.1 by Alexey Akhunov](docs/alexey_audit.md)

Security and Liability
----------------------
All contracts are WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

License
-------
All smart contracts are released under LGPL-3.0
